Culture of Iism
SumOne
Feb/2016
Brothers & Sisters, my fellow humanity, the time has come for us to act.  Too long have I been a cog in the maching, too long have I been a prisoner to my own ignorance and denile.  Today I choose to shed these shackels, to stand up, and to say no more.
Our Earth is sick, we are sick.  We have become infected with iselfishness, individualism taken to the extreme, Iism.  We live in a paradigm where greed and marterial aquisition are not just common, but encouraged and seen as success.  Our economy and much of our society is driven more to increase profit margins than to improve the quality of life, health and happiness of our global citizens.
We have been taught to fear one anoth, and so we stand alone, divided.  Seperated from one another and fragmented within ourself.  We are divided by religion, divided by patriotic nationalism, divided by racisim, and most profoundly we are divided by the human experience itself, the I complex.
We live in cities of millions where making eye contact is rare, and heart contact rarer still.  We walk past suffering and poverty in the streets as if it were invisible.  We watch the glowing box on the wall for answers, and to forget that we had questions to begin with.  So we stand divided, forgetting that together is love, and in love we are strongest.  We must learn to break free from our self inflicted prison of Iism if we are to survive and thrive at the full potential of our species, the full potential of being alive.
But do not dispare, do not stagnate in the depths of pessimism, for this disempowers the soul and hinders action. The truth is you change the course of the world, and you do everyday.  We change this world through our choices and actions.  We must now choose to act towards healing ourselvs and our planet for your own good, for your childrens good, and for the good of the global citizenry, the whole.
All it takes is a choice… to change within.  Our personal actions, our successes as well as our failures have unfathomable consequences.  The ripples you make, affect and change everything, your family, your community, your neighborhood, your nation, humanity… all from a choice, all from each choice.  As we move forward everyday, we must be aware  of the wake we leave behind us and how it will affect our future.  Ignorance of our impact is easy, and is comdemning us to a knowen misery.
Hummanity and our home, Earth, are worth everything.  You and your actions are worth everything.  It is your actions, it is my actions that will determine what quality of world we live in.
So stand now, stand together, and choose to act for everything greater than yourself.  
